this Batman game is not made by
rocksteady
really tops Batman penguin are facing
away from the wall with lights in this
shot but in this scene they are facing
towards it this Batarang impales itself
into the wall yet all the other Batarang
simply bounce off pulls out sword
sheaths it pulls out staff both staff
magically appears in between scenes Epis
hacen is beat in one fight there is no
way device of that size could fit in his
utility belt
this bridge is too long
looks like the panel was rigged to
detonate when swiped with a keycard
so why does the panel knock spoke when
you use the code on the card the male
victim is wearing a black mask but I
can't positively identify him as Roman
say honest without a DNA analysis
something I can't do in the field I call
bull
you're sending text messages to Romans
sionis about someone named the Joker
not-so-subtle foreshadowing Dark Knight
system sucks where the fuck did he put
that thing cool boombox boombox
apparently being on a rooftop makes you
a thug
this scene rips off the end of racial
glue boss fight from Batman Arkham City
there's no way Joker's going to take the
role of main antagonist in this game
there's no way I get that the Joker is
not known for being straightforward but
why didn't he just shoot Batman in the
chin that is after all the only spot
that isn't protected game condones weird
forms of masturbation what is with this
series in Batman getting poisoned is it
a fetish or something oh yeah don't
forget to loosen ations Miley Cyrus you
know this reminds you something from
Arkham City black mass how does the main
antagonist of the game is now just a
simple side mission scene shows how
electrocutioner is still relevant to the
plot
maybe electrocution or shot gloves could
restore power to this platform
electrocutioner is so perverse in the
schemes to get Batman an overpowered
gadget these bombs are set to detonate
December 31st I should be able to disarm
them with my cryptographic sequencer
obvious bomb trap is obvious
quick time event where did these
helicopters come from they sure as hell
weren't patrolling the outside of the
building
apparently in Gotham City you can
survive any fall from any height
that someone special and you might say
it's like meeting someone I can actually
relate to which believe media have never
felt before
seeing as fanfic writers too many ideas
for slash parents Joker's douche two
windows partly by this point Batman is
defeated we swore the assassins six if
account Chiba and Deadshot in their side
missions Killer Croc was easy
electrocutioner was a complete joke
Deathstroke was overhyped and Copperhead
was a bit well Copperhead
yeah you didn't listen not big on taking
orders from wanted man and love big on
taking orders from cops these lines
sound like they were ripped out of a bad
romance movie
back in gear magically fixed
I'm fairly certain that the fibrillation
can't restart a stock car to be alright
but won't kill him you didn't seem to
have any issues with that guy suddenly
remember something insignificant that is
now important cliche how do we did the
impression vedas become a monster oh I
know
let's make him scream three times
window magically fixes itself I am
fairly certain that a key but that many
holes can't fly